THE SEVENTH DAY
As the day falls,
when a thorn is born in full bloom
the twelve mountain dwellers
also gather together
in the desert chronicling in the still days ofiling days,
Tonight, the Honda family has a 100 yen promotion,
so I was invited by the three of them to come.
Now, let's go!
Huh?
The Honda family is invited.
Oh!
This is Honjo Matsuzaka Castle.
Huh?
It's right next to the Kirano mansion.
The world is crazy in commotion after this 100 yen promotion.
They all appear harmoniously in their own rooms.
Without plan or intention,
they get a first boost.
Now, go to heaven and erase your face as..
I'm sorry for being rude yesterday.
When my friend went to Ke jong long distant advance,
he었습니다!...
tungoles about the fact he would be sent back to dear-ени originally,
it is an ahoy spring.
Thank you for watching!